Alright! In this video, we have an assignment,
and for this, we are going to implement
that POST action for vendors. So, the
details of this course assignment is we
are going to create one new endpoint in
our Vendor controller. That endpoint is
going to accept a POST action, and it
should be a POST of a vendor object, so
that's going to create a new Vendor with
the POST action, and we expect it to
return back an HTTP 201 created status.
And also, as part of this assignment, I
want you to go continue following
test-driven development and use Mockito
and also the WebTestClient.
Actually, in this implementation, I've got
away from doing actual test-driven
development. But for the assignment
review, this time, I'll actually go
through and do test-driven development.
I'll write the unit test first, and then,
implement the controller endpoint and
get those tests passing. So, pretty
similar to what we did. Steps route just
in the course. But this gives you a
chance to do hands-on. So, I highly
recommend you go through and do the
assignments. In the next video, I'm going
to go through and I will file
test-driven development in this example,
and step through this action and show
you exactly how to code this up.